Move otel operator CRDs to templates (#1175)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-operator/README.md

## Install Chart

> [!NOTE]  

> > This Chart uses templated CRDs, and therefore does not support `--skip-crds`. Set `crds.create=false` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This Chart uses templated CRDs, and therefore does not support `--skip-crds`. Use `crds.create=false` instead if you do not want the chart to install the OpenTelemetry Operator's CRDs.
```
